Name	Alias	Mana Cost	Type	Rarity	Rules Text	Flavor Text	Power	Toughness	Loyalty	Name 2	Alias 2	Mana Cost 2	Type 2	Rules Text 2	Flavor Text 2	Power 2	Toughness 2	Loyalty 2	
Command Tower			Land	common	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.	When defeat is near and guidance is scarce, all eyes look in one direction.				
Exotic Orchard			Land	rare	T: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.	“It was a strange morning. When we awoke, we found our trees transformed. We didn’t know whether to water them or polish them.”				
Seaside Citadel			Land	uncommon	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add G, W, or U.	For wisdom’s sake, it was built high to gaze on all things. For glory’s sake, it was built high as a testament of power. For strength’s sake, it was built high to repel all attacks.				
Sunpetal Grove			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you control a Forest or a Plains.\n T: Add G or W.					
Glacial Fortress			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains or an Island.\n T: Add W or U.					
Hinterland Harbor			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you control a Forest or an Island.\n T: Add G or U.	In places where the sea meets the trees, it’s easy to forget the darkness that rules most of Innistrad.				
Yavimaya Coast			Land	rare	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or U. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Bountiful Promenade			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you have two or more opponents.\n T: Add G or W.	No pilgrimage to Valor’s Reach is complete without a stroll through its celebrated shopping district.				
Sea of Clouds			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you have two or more opponents.\n T: Add W or U.	Skybridges from across Kylem converge at the grand stadium of Valor’s Reach.				
Rejuvenating Springs			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you have two or more opponents.\n T: Add G or U.	When they’re done pummeling each other, the fighters relax companionably in the springs, warming their sore muscles.				
Prismatic Vista			Land	rare	T, Pay 1 life, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	There is beauty in the uncertainty of potential.				
Hallowed Fountain			Land — Plains Island 	rare	(T: Add W or U.)\n As this land enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.					
Breeding Pool			Land — Forest Island 	rare	(T: Add G or U.)\n As this land enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.					
Temple Garden			Land — Forest Plains 	rare	(T: Add G or W.)\n As this land enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.					
Castle Ardenvale			Land	rare	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains.\n T: Add W.\n 2WW, T: Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.	Without Ardenvale’s loyalty, the realm would greedily devour itself.				
Lumbering Falls			Land	rare	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add G or U.\n 2GU: Until end of turn, this land becomes a 3/3 green and blue Elemental creature with hexproof. It’s still a land.					
Forest			Basic Land — Forest 	common	(T: Add G.)					
Island			Basic Land — Island 	common	(T: Add U.)					
Plains			Basic Land — Plains 	common	(T: Add W.)					
The Spring Court's Respite	Bala Ged Recovery	2G	Sorcery	uncommon	(You may play this card using either face.)\n Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.					Tamlin’s Estate	Bala Ged Sanctuary		Land	uncommon	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add G.	“The grounds were encased by woods, but stretched so far that I could barely see the distant line of the forest.”				
Sol Ring		1	Artifact	uncommon	T: Add CC.					
Illyrian Siphon	Arcane Signet	2	Artifact	common	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.					
Birds of Paradise		G	Creature — Bird 	rare	Flying\n T: Add one mana of any color.		0	1		
Llanowar Elves		G	Creature — Elf Druid 	common	T: Add G.	Whenever the Llanowar Elves gather the fruits of their forest, they leave one plant of each type untouched, considering that nature’s portion.	1	1		
Elvish Mystic		G	Creature — Elf Druid 	common	T: Add G.	“Life grows everywhere. My kin merely find those places where it grows strongest.”				
Sylvan Caryatid		1G	Creature — Plant 	rare	Defender, hexproof\n T: Add one mana of any color.	Those who enter the copse never leave. They find peace there and take root, becoming part of the ever-growing grove.	0	3		
Mortal Farmer	Avacyn’s Pilgrim	G	Creature — Human Monk 	common	T: Add W.	“Avacyn’s protection is everywhere. From the holy church to the sacred glade, all that we see is under her blessed watch.”	1	1		
Farseek		1G	Sorcery	common	Search your library for a Plains, Island, Swamp, or Mountain card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	“How truly vast this city must be, that I have traveled so far and seen so much, yet never once found the place where the buildings fail.”				
Rampant Growth		1G	Sorcery	common	Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	“I’ve never *heard* growth before.”				
Nature's Lore		1G	Sorcery	uncommon	Search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	“She saw what the song spoke of: mossy earth and golden sun, clear rivers and the deep shadows of an ancient forest.”				
Three Visits		1G	Sorcery	common	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	“Trying to meet a worthy man in the wrong way is as bad as closing the door on an invited guest.”				
Beast Whisperer		2GG	Creature — Elf Druid 	rare	Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card.	“The tiniest mouse speaks louder to me than all the festival crowds on Tin Street.”	2	3		
Garruk's Uprising		2G	Enchantment	uncommon	When this enchantment enters, if you control a creature with power 4 or greater, draw a card.\n Creatures you control have trample. (Each of those creatures can deal excess combat damage to the player or planeswalker it’s attacking.)\n Whenever a creature you control with power 4 or greater enters, draw a card.					
Scion of Rhysand	Scion of Oona	1UU	Creature — Faerie Soldier 	rare	Flash\n Flying\n Other Faerie creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Other Faeries you control have shroud. (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)		1	1		
House of Wind Spirit	Mulldrifter	4U	Creature — Elemental 	common	Flying\n When this creature enters, draw two cards.\n Evoke 2U  (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		2	2		
Cloudblazer		3WU	Creature — Human Scout 	uncommon	Flying\n When this creature enters, you gain 2 life and draw two cards.	All the aether charts in the world can’t compete with the trained eye of a talented scout.	2	2		
Loyal Illyrian	Loyal Drake	2U	Creature — Drake 	uncommon	Flying\n Lieutenant — At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, draw a card.	“Something dark and fast and sleek shot for us, and he plunged down and away, swearing.”				
Harmonize		2GG	Sorcery	uncommon	Draw three cards.	“Life’s greatest lessons don’t come from focus or concentration. They come from breathing and simply noticing.”				
The Spymaster's Web	Coastal Piracy	2UU	Enchantment	uncommon	Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.	“Azriel would want to know that,” Mor was saying.\n “Azriel can go to hell,” Rhys sniped back. “He likely already knows, anyway.”				
Shamanic Revelation		3GG	Sorcery	rare	Draw a card for each creature you control.\n Ferocious — You gain 4 life for each creature you control with power 4 or greater.	First, whispers of ancient days. Then, visions of things to come.				
Elain, Garden Tender	Bennie Bracks, Zoologist	3W	Legendary Creature — Elf Druid 	rare	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n At the beginning of each end step, if you created a token this turn, draw a card.	“After all of this... I think the world needs more gardens.”	3	2		
Locked Inside	Swords to Plowshares	W	Instant	uncommon	Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.	“He’d trapped me in here; he’d locked me up. I might as well have been Under the Mountain.”				
Sent Across the Wall	Path to Exile	W	Instant	uncommon	Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.	“The faerie she killed had to be one of his men, sent across the wall by him like lambs to slaughter.”				
Beast Within		2G	Instant	uncommon	Destroy target permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Beast creature token.	“Kill the weak so they can’t drag the strong down to their level. This is true compassion.”				
Tamlin's Provision	Generous Gift	2W	Instant	uncommon	Destroy target permanent. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Elephant creature token.	“My life was now owned by the Treaty, but... perhaps I’d been freed in another sort of way.”				
"Don't Move"	Counterspell	UU	Instant	uncommon	Counter target spell.	“Don’t touch her.”				
Negate		1U	Instant	common	Counter target noncreature spell.	“I am the rock against which the surf crashes. Nothing can break me.”				
Feyre's Denial	Arcane Denial	1U	Instant	common	Counter target spell. Its controller may draw up to two cards at the beginning of the next turn’s upkeep.\n You draw a card at the beginning of the next turn’s upkeep.	“I tried to get my traitorous lungs to draw air so I could voice the word. No—no.”				
Rhysand's Protection	Dawn’s Truce	1W	Instant	rare	Gift a card  (You may promise an opponent a gift as you cast this spell. If you do, they draw a card before its other effects.)\n You and permanents you control gain hexproof until end of turn. If the gift was promised, permanents you control also gain indestructible until end of turn.	“Always,” he promised, kissing my brow, his wings now enveloping me completely. “Always.”				
Reclamation Sage		2G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	uncommon	When this creature enters, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.	“What was once formed by masons, shaped by smiths, or given life by mages, I will return to the embrace of the earth.”	2	1		
Knight of Autumn		1GW	Creature — Dryad Knight 	rare	When this creature enters, choose one —\n • Put two +1/+1 counters on this creature.\n • Destroy target artifact or enchantment.\n • You gain 4 life.		2	1		
Adrix and Nev, Twincasters		2GU	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	mythic	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.) (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n If one or more tokens would be created under your control, twice that many of those tokens are created instead.		2	2		
Woodland Doe	Good-Fortune Unicorn	1GW	Creature — Unicorn 	uncommon	Whenever another creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.	“Less than thirty paces away stood a small doe, not yet too scrawny from winter, but desperate enough to wrench bark from a tree in the clearing. A deer like that could feed my family for a week or more.”	2	2		
Loyal Guardian		4G	Creature — Rhino 	uncommon	Trample\n Lieutenant — At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control your commander, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	Each scar on its hide is a badge of honor.	4	4		
Reflector Mage		1WU	Creature — Human Wizard 	uncommon	When this creature enters, return target creature an opponent controls to its owner’s hand. That creature’s owner can’t cast spells with the same name as that creature until your next turn.		2	3		
Tranquil Frillback		2G	Creature — Dinosaur 	rare	When this creature enters, you may pay G up to three times. When you pay this cost one or more times, choose up to that many —\n • Destroy target artifact or enchantment.\n • Exile target player’s graveyard.\n • You gain 4 life.		3	3		
Thragtusk		4G	Creature — Beast 	rare	When this creature enters, you gain 5 life.\n When this creature leaves the battlefield, create a 3/3 green Beast creature token.	“Always carry two spears.”				
Illyrian Guardian	Selfless Spirit	1W	Creature — Spirit Cleric 	rare	Flying\n Sacrifice this creature: Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.	“I can think of no better way to end my existence than to defend those who need it most.”	2	1		
Mortal Land Hound	Selfless Savior	W	Creature — Dog 	uncommon	Sacrifice this creature: Another target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy this creature.)	Feyre had freed them, and not one would ever forget.	1	2		
Illyrian Formation	Faerie Formation	4U	Creature — Faerie 	rare	Flying\n 3U: Create a 1/1 blue Faerie creature token with flying. Draw a card.	“Clad in battle-black that hugged their muscled forms, their armour was intricate, scaled...”	5	4		
Spring Court Tender	Tendershoot Dryad	4G	Creature — Dryad 	rare	Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.) (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)\n At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 green Saproling creature token.\n Saprolings you control get +2/+2 as long as you have the city’s blessing.		2	2		
Alis, Keeper of the Woodland	Jaheira, Friend of the Forest	2G	Legendary Creature — Human Elf Druid 	rare	Tokens you control have “T: Add G.”\n Choose a Background (You can have a Background as a second commander.)	“If you’re wise, you’ll keep your mouth shut and your ears open.”	2	3		
Doubling Season		4G	Enchantment	rare	If an effect would create one or more tokens under your control, it creates twice that many of those tokens instead.\n If an effect would put one or more counters on a permanent you control, it puts twice that many of those counters on that permanent instead.					
Swiftfoot Boots		2	Artifact — Equipment 	uncommon	Equipped creature has hexproof and haste. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control. It can attack and T no matter when it came under your control.)\n Equip 1 (1: Attach to target creature you control. Equip only as a sorcery.)					
Lightning Greaves		2	Artifact — Equipment 	uncommon	Equipped creature has haste and shroud. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)\n Equip 0					
The Middengard Wyrm	End-Raze Forerunners	5GG	Creature — Boar 	rare	Vigilance, trample, haste\n When this creature enters, other creatures you control get +2/+2 and gain vigilance and trample until end of turn.		7	7		
Inspiring Call		2G	Instant	uncommon	Draw a card for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it. Those creatures gain indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy them.)					
Eternal Witness		1GG	Creature — Human Shaman 	uncommon	When this creature enters, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.	She remembers every word spoken, from the hero’s oath to the baby’s cry.	2	1		
Cultivate		2G	Sorcery	common	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.	All seeds share a common bond, calling to each other across infinity.				
Kodama's Reach		2G	Sorcery — Arcane 	common	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.	“The land grows only where the kami will it.”				
Sylvan Scrying		1G	Sorcery	uncommon	Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	One glimpse of an elf’s home lasts her weeks away in the wild.				
Velaris Seer	Faerie Seer	U	Creature — Faerie Wizard 	common	Flying\n When this creature enters, scry 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them on the bottom and the rest on top in any order.)	“Truth is deadly. Truth is freedom. Truth can break and mend and bind.”	1	1		
Night Court Informant	Mischievous Mystic	1U	Creature — Human Wizard 	uncommon	Flying\n Whenever you draw your second card each turn, create a 1/1 blue Faerie creature token with flying.	“I thought they answered to Rhys.”\n “They answer to both, but they were trained by Azriel first.”	2	1		
Velaris Spellweaver	Murmuring Mystic	3U	Creature — Human Wizard 	uncommon	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a 1/1 blue Bird Illusion creature token with flying.	“Velaris’s walls are well protected and have not been breached in five thousand years.”	1	5		
Morrigan, Shield of the Court	Shalai, Voice of Plenty	3W	Legendary Creature — Angel 	rare	Flying\n You, planeswalkers you control, and other creatures you control have hexproof.\n 4GG: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.		3	4		
Shadow-Bound Host	Welcoming Vampire	2W	Creature — Vampire 	rare	Flying\n Whenever one or more other creatures you control with power 2 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	“Come now, pet. You know my name — isn’t it fair that I know yours?”	2	3		
Welcome to Velaris	Tocasia's Welcome	2W	Enchantment	rare	Whenever one or more creatures you control with mana value 3 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.	“Welcome to Velaris. The City of Starlight.”				
Painted into Life	Intangible Virtue	1W	Enchantment	uncommon	Creature tokens you control get +1/+1 and have vigilance.	“I dipped the brush into the paint, and for a heartbeat, it felt as though the magic in my blood was guiding the hairs.”				
Fall of Hybern	Hour of Reckoning	4WWW	Sorcery	rare	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n Destroy all nontoken creatures.	Cassian had picked his mark well. Hybern fled now. Outright turned and fled for the river.				
Champion of Lambholt		1GG	Creature — Human Warrior 	rare	Creatures with power less than this creature’s power can’t block creatures you control.\n Whenever another creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	1		
Inspiring Statuary		3	Artifact	rare	Nonartifact spells you cast have improvise. (Your artifacts can help cast those spells. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.) (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)	Ghirapur’s most celebrated inventors have been immortalized in clockwork.				
Night Court Herald	Faerie Harbinger	3U	Creature — Faerie Wizard 	uncommon	Flash\n Flying\n When this creature enters, you may search your library for a Faerie card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.	“There you are. I’ve been looking \n for you.”	2	2		
Cryptolith Rite		1G	Enchantment	rare	Creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”	The chant was incomprehensible, but its power was unmistakable.				
Feyre, High Lady of Prythian		1GWU	Legendary Creature — Elf Faerie Noble 	common	Flying\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a 1/1 blue Elf Faerie creature token.\n Tap three untapped Elf and/or Faerie creatures you control: Draw a card.		2	4		
